Added README.md in ArduinoLowPower (#26)
arduino-libraries/ArduinoLowPower: README.md

> # Low Power library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Arduino Low Power library
```
The official library name is defined at https://github.com/arduino-libraries/ArduinoLowPower/blob/c1b24fb45651b5eef859ae6fb0da76c19560f2ff/library.properties#L1
This is the name to search for in the Arduino Library Manager index whether using the Arduino IDE, Arduino Pro IDE, or arduino-cli (`arduino-cli lib install "Arduino Low Power"`)

> This library allows user to use the low power feature of the SAMD21 MCU. This means your battery powered projects will have a loonger battery life on boards like [MKRZero](https://store.arduino.cc/usa/arduino-mkrzero), [MKR1000](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/ArduinoMKR1000) and [MKRFox1200](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/ArduinoBoardMKRFox1200).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library allows the use of the low power features of the SAMD21 MCU. This means your battery powered projects will have a longer battery life on boards like [MKRZero](https://store.arduino.cc/usa/arduino-mkrzero), [MKR1000](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/ArduinoMKR1000) and [MKRFox1200](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/ArduinoBoardMKRFox1200).
```
